Add advice about checking package repository source (RPM) (#48608)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade.md

sudo apt-cache madison kubeadm
```

If you don't see the version you expect to upgrade to, [verify if the Kubernetes package repositories are used.](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)

> 

Reviewer: actually this applies to all tabs so please move it under 

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}
```

/lgtm cancel

> If you don't see the version you expect to upgrade to, [verify which kubernetes package repositories are used](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see the version you expect to upgrade to, [verify if the Kubernetes package repositories are used.](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)
```

```

{{% /tab %}}

If you don't see the version you expect to upgrade to, [verify if the Kubernetes package repositories are used.](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)

> {{< /tabs >}}

Reviewer: should be after this line

or otherwise it doesn't render if it's between the tag and tabs tags.

https://deploy-preview-48608--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/

Author: Apologies, corrected now - hope it's fine :)

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> If you don't see the version you expect to upgrade to, [verify if the Kubernetes package repositories are used.](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we put this a little bit earlier in this page, something like the following
as a precondition to check.

```suggestion
Please make sure you are using [the Kubernetes package repositories](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/change-package-repository/#verifying-if-the-kubernetes-package-repositories-are-used)
when upgrading a cluster.
```

Author: Thanks for your input @tengqm ! The case is there's a similar reference to what you say [just above](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/#changing-the-package-repository) the section where I want to include this comment. I was wondering if it won't be better to just rephrase that one, because for me (quite newby in Kubernetes) it wasn't straightforward connection I should change the package repository to be able to download other Kubernetes version. Thus I believe it's important to include the 'version' keyword in this context, nonetheless of where it would be

What do you think?
